c:\users\essaji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe.config
c:\users\essaji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\essaji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
c:\users\essaji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\essaji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\essaji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\essaji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\essaji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\essaji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
c:\users\essaji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\essaji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\essaji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\essaji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
c:\users\essaji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\essaji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\essaji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\essaji\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\DoctorPanel.g.cs
C:\Users\essaji\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\DoctorPanel.baml
C:\Users\essaji\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\AdminPanel.g.cs
C:\Users\essaji\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\AdminPanel.baml
C:\Users\essaji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Add_Patient.g.cs
C:\Users\essaji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Add_Patient.baml
C:\Users\essaji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\essaji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Add_Employee.g.cs
C:\Users\essaji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Add_Employee.baml
C:\Users\essaji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
